Add a codeowners file and PR Template (#1416)
crimethinc/website: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.MD

# How does this pull request make you feel (in animated GIF format)?

![alt text](giphy link)

# What are the relevant GitHub issues?

resolves `[link to github issue]`

# What does this pull request do?

??

# How should this be manually tested?

??

# Is there any background context you want to provide for reviewers?

??

> # Questions for pull requests author (delete any that don't apply):

Author: ```suggestion
# Questions for the pull request author (delete any that don't apply):
```
